README.md, before:

# LOCKIN.py
A task management app that helps you limit procrastination

# Guide to LOCKIN/Algorithm

## How to run

Assuming you're already at the GitHub repo, clone the repo and open it in the code editor of your choice. Then, ...

## Calculating function runtimes

The time module is used for this purpose. A dedicated stopwatch function will record the start time, execute a function passed into it, and record the time it took for the function to run (aka the end time)

## Inputting tasks/subtasks

Before running the program, the user must write their tasks and subtasks in a YAML file. YAML is quite simple. The core of YAML is the key-value pair. You must write your tasks/subtasks in this form. If you have separate categories, put a hastag in between the two blocks.

~~~yaml
task1: not done
task2: not done
etc: etc
#
task1: not done
task2: not done
etc2: etc2
~~~

Once you are ready, run the program.

## Building the calendar

When the program is run, the program reads in the YAML content. Then, the key-value pairs are transformed into three separate dictionaries: one for standard tasks, one for relaxation, and one for exercise.

## LOCKIN Menu

Commit message:

Created a function to split the file content by newlines

README.md, after:

# LOCKIN.py
A task management app that helps you limit procrastination

# Guide to LOCKIN/Algorithm

## How to run

Assuming you're already at the GitHub repo, clone the repo and open it in the code editor of your choice. Then, ...

## Calculating function runtimes

The time module is used for this purpose. A dedicated stopwatch function will record the start time, execute a function passed into it, and record the time it took for the function to run (aka the end time)

## Inputting tasks/subtasks

Before running the program, the user must write their tasks and subtasks in a YAML file. YAML is quite simple. The core of YAML is the key-value pair. You must write your tasks/subtasks in this form. If you have separate categories, put a hastag in between the two blocks.

~~~yaml
task1: not done
task2: not done
etc: etc
#
task1: not done
task2: not done
etc2: etc2
~~~

Once you are ready, run the program.

## Building the calendar

When the program is run, the program reads in the YAML content. Then, the key-value pairs are transformed into three separate dictionaries: one for standard tasks, one for relaxation, and one for exercise. This is done by splitting the file content by newlines and using slicing to determine which tasks belong to which dictionaries.

## LOCKIN Menu
